“Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
October 28, 2025

Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited Q2 FY
'26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities. As a reminder, all participant
lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference
is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jyoti. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am.
Jyoti Gupta: Thank you, Trisha. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, I
welcome you all to the Quarter 2 FY '26 earnings conference call with the management of
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited. We have with us Capt. Jagmohan, Chairman and
Managing Director; Shri Biju George, Director (Shipbuilding); Cdr. Vasudev Puranik, Director
(Corporate Planning and Personnel); Shri Ruchir Agrawal, Director (Finance) and CFO; and
Cmde. S.B. Jamgaonkar, Director (Submarine & Heavy Engineering).
Without further delay, I would now request Captain Jagmohan, sir, to start with his opening
comments, after which we can open the floor for question and answers. Thank you, and over to
you, sir.
Capt. Jagmohan: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited Quarter 2 and
Half Yearly Earnings Call for the period ended 30th September 2025. My name is Capt.
Jagmohan, Chairman and Managing Director, and I'm joined today by Shri Ruchir Agrawal,
Director (Finance) and CFO; Shri Biju George, Director (Shipbuilding); Cdr. Vasudev Puranik,
Director (Corporate Planning and Personnel); Cmde. S B Jamgaonkar, Director (Submarine &
Heavy Engineering).
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may include forwardlooking statements as defined under applicable Securities Law. These statements are based on
our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends and are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
anticipated. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as
required by law.
For all detailed discussions of these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our latest financial
results, press release and regulatory filings available on the Stock Exchange website and our
company website. As a listed entity in India, we are committed to adhering to the highest
standards of corporate governance and transparency as mandated by the SEBI Regulations 2015.
This call is being conducted in compliance with these Regulations, ensuring timely and equitable
dissemination of information to all our stakeholders. We are pleased to share our financial and
operational performance for quarter 2 and the half year ended 30th September 2025.
During this call, we will provide an overview of our financial results, discuss key operational
highlights and share our outlook for the upcoming period. Following our presentation, we will
open the floor for your questions. We request you to limit your questions to two per participant
in the initial round to ensure everyone gets an opportunity.


Now, I would like to hand over to Mr. Ruchir Agrawal, Director (Finance) and CFO, who will
walk you through the detailed financial performance.
Ruchir Agrawal: Good afternoon, and I will be presenting the quarterly financial performance for the Q2 FY 25-
26. As far as stand-alone are concerned, we recorded a revenue from operation of INR 2,929
crores, which is 6% above the last corresponding quarter performance. And the total income
recorded at INR 3,205 crores, which is also 6% higher to corresponding previous year's figures.
As far as the PBT is concerned, it is INR 939 crores, and we stood at a PAT of INR 715 crores,
which is also 27% above the corresponding period of last year. And our net worth stood at INR
8,083 crores. And our earnings per share for stand-alone is INR 17.73 per share.
If we see our consolidated performance, our PBT is INR 934 crores, which is up by 26%. And
for our consolidation, we are merging the results of Goa Shipyard, for which we hold about 47%
shares as an investment. And on a consolidated basis, the PAT is INR 749 crores, and net worth
stood at INR 8,910 crores, which is 22% up in comparison to last year's corresponding quarter.
And the earnings per share is INR 18.58 per share.
And if I talk about the half year's standalone performance, the revenue from operations stood at
INR 5,555 crores, which is 9% above the corresponding last half year. And the total income is
around INR 6,155 crores. PBT stands at INR 1,506 crores, and PAT is at INR 1,135 crores,
which is both PBT and PAT are 8% less than the previous half year's amount.
The reason for that is in our Q4 FY 24-25 and Q1 of FY 25-26 we had booked INR 1,000 crores
of provisions for onerous contracts, the two contracts, one was for Coast Guard and other was
for MPV. That is the reason for dip in our PBT and PAT if we consider on half year comparison
basis.
And if we take the consolidated figure for half year performance, our PBT stands at INR 1,501
crores and PAT at INR 1,202 crores with an earnings per share of INR 29.79 per share. That's
all from our side.
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from J.P. Morgan.
Atul Tiwari: Sir, my first question is on the status of P75, the 3 Scorpene Submarine order because earlier, I
think in the earlier conference calls, you had indicated that the order should be signed very soon,
possibly in the first half of this financial year.
Capt. Jagmohan: Yes. For the additional submarines of P75, the commercial negotiations with the Ministry of
Defense were completed a few months ago. And the project was just at the sanction stage. But
beyond that, we haven’t received an update. We are still hopeful that in the coming months, we
should be able to sign the contract for the three additional Scorpene Submarines.
Atul Tiwari: Okay, sir. And sir, for the P75I, any indication of the time line by when the negotiations would
be completed and the order could be placed on the company?


Capt. Jagmohan: The commercial negotiations are on at the moment. We have already commenced, I think two
or three rounds are over. We anticipate that the commercial negotiations will be completed by
this calendar year, and we are hopeful that we'll be able to sign the contract by this financial
year.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Krishna Doshi from Ashika Institutional Equities.
Krishna Doshi: Sir, so actually, I just wanted some guidance on the revenue front, as we are seeing that a lot of
major projects have come to an end. So right now, the order book stands at around INR 27,415
crores. So just wanted to understand what the revenue growth is going to look like going ahead
until we receive these major orders of submarines?
Capt. Jagmohan: We anticipate that this year, we will have revenue of approximately INR 12,500 crores or so.
And the coming year also, we should have may be another 5% growth over that. Beyond that,
once the submarine projects kick in, we should have a considerable improvement both in our
revenue as well as our profits.
Krishna Doshi: Okay, sir. And the second question would be, so recently, we saw this DAC approval of around
INR 79,000 crores, where Landing Platform Dock is also supposed to be a major chunk of it. So
what kind of opportunities are we seeing there?
Capt. Jagmohan: Today, actually, as we speak, we have signed an exclusive MoU with Swan Shipyard (SDHI),
which has a very large infrastructure because these ships are quite large, around 200 meters or
so in length. So we will be bidding for this project jointly with Swan Shipyard, and we anticipate
that we will bring in the synergies of public-private partnership where all our capabilities in
design, weapon integration, project management, we will tie up with the flexibility of the private
player, both in its infrastructure as well as its procurement. We anticipate that we will be very
well placed to win this order.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nehal Mehta from Subhkam Ventures.
Nehal Mehta: My first question is that given that substantial execution of P17A order will happen in the current
financial year, how do you see your margin and revenue growth for the next 2 years? And my
second question would be that, once your P75 order comes in, when will the execution of the
order commence?
Capt. Jagmohan: P 17 Alpha, we will deliver the third ship this calendar year, but we will have the fourth ship
going into the next financial year as well and after that, we will have the guarantee period as
well. So the 17 Alpha project will continue for the next financial year as well. So the revenue
and profit margins, which come from that project will be visible for this financial year as well
as the next. Thereafter, we will have may be a few months where we'll have only the Coast
Guard and the MPV project as well as the offshore project where the margins are slightly less.
However, we anticipate that if we are able to sign the submarine contracts quickly, where we
once again anticipate the margins are higher because these are projects which we are very
familiar with. We anticipate our productivity and operational efficiencies to be higher, and
therefore, the margins also will be higher.


Nehal Mehta: Okay. And my second question would be for P75, like when would you expect the
commencement of the order once you receive it?
Capt. Jagmohan: If it is the additional submarine, we should be able to commence immediately because it is a
follow-on of the submarines, which we have already executed, 6 of which we have delivered to
the Navy. The 75I has a year's preparatory period, but we have already started to work on it. So
may be 75I, we will start earning revenue may be 6 months after signing the contract. And for
75, may be immediately after signing of the contract, we should be able to register revenue.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rupam Jaiswal from Investwell.
Rupam Jaiswal: Actually, I wanted to know about this new partnership, like what this term sheet or anything
which you have signed with Swan Defense. So could you elaborate on how are you going to
leverage their capacity? And how -- what kind of partnership in future are you going to leverage
the different capacity for different ships and all? Could you just elaborate on that?
Capt. Jagmohan: The present agreement or the memorandum of understanding that we have signed with them is
primarily for LPD only. However, going forward, we may collaborate with them for other large
commercial ships as well. Here, what we intend to do, although the teaming agreement has not
yet come in place, we anticipate that we will bid -- we will be the bidder for the project with the
Navy. And the SDHI or the Swan Defense Shipyard will work at the back end. In fact, we will
use their very large infrastructure because the LPD, the Landing Platform Dock, is a large vessel,
and it will be more productively or more efficiently manufactured or constructed at their site.
And we will bring in our experience in project management, weapon integration and design. So
we will be bringing the synergies of both public sector shipyard and private shipyard's flexibility
in procurement, etc. So we expect that we will offer a very good functional ship at a very
attractive price. And, therefore, we think we are very well positioned to win this nearly INR
40,000 crores order.
Rupam Jaiswal: Sir, one more thing, like I got that point also. Just one more thing, like in this -- the shipyard
with the kind of capacity that Swan is holding, so you are saying that you would be leveraging
their capacity for commercial ships also and for this landing platform. So what would be the
revenue? Like how will be the revenue scenario? Like what kind of revenue would you be
booking?
Or is this kind of a rental agreement that you would take up with them and you will be just giving
them rental for that -- using that shipyard or anything like that? Like I want to know what kind
of revenue scenario will be in this kind of agreement.
Capt. Jagmohan: It's too early to say. Let the RFP come out and then when we make our bid, then we will have a
proper agreement between us, MDL and Swan. It will be a win-win scenario for both shipyards,
both in terms of revenue and profits. So it is too early to say at this stage.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kriti Tripathi from NVS Brokerage.
Kriti Tripathi: Yes. Actually, myself Kriti Tripathi from NVS Brokerage. My question was about revenue
guidance and the margin guidance, but it is more or less covered.


Capt. Jagmohan: Okay.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life.
Anupam Goswami: Sir, on the first half operating cash flow turned may be negative and lower from last year, how
do we see that or how do we read that basically?
Ruchir Agrawal: Come again?
Anupam Goswami: Sir, our operating cash flow turned negative this time and quite steep, sharp decline. How do we
read that?
Ruchir Agrawal: This is primarily because we got some amount in flexi from Navy in the flexi account in March
'25 and which has been used this year. So you are seeing a negative cash flow on that account.
Otherwise, our margins are intact, and we expect to perform better in quarters to come.
Anupam Goswami: Okay. Sir, my next question is on the execution. Now that most of our submarine orders are over
and mostly left with Coast Guard and ONGC platforms, so how do we see the margins for this
FY '26 and '27?
Ruchir Agrawal: As far as the Coast Guard orders are concerned, wherever the provision were required for, are
already made in last 2 quarters. For ONGC contracts, which are cost-plus contracts we will be
getting the margins as per the contract. Out of total Project, one PRP contract is a fixed price
contract, and we expect that we will be completing the project in the cost what we have bid to
the ONGC.
Anupam Goswami: Okay. Sir, just last, if you can mention about the potential order pipeline what is there today?
Capt. Jagmohan: See, the Navy itself is coming out with multiple projects. For example, like what we just
discussed, the LPD, the Landing Platform Dock, which will be around INR 35,000 crores to INR
40,000 crores. We have the MCMV, which is around INR 40,000 crores; the 17 Bravo ships,
which will be again another INR 50,000 crores to INR 60,000 crores.
I think the Navy is going to come out with a destroyer class project as well, either the 15 Charlie
or the next-generation destroyer, which should be crossing may be around INR 70,000 crores to
INR 80,000 crores. So overall, the expansion of the Navy is considerable, and we anticipate that
we are ideally placed to win a sizable part of that order.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from J.P. Morgan.
Atul Tiwari: Sir, my question is on your Colombo Dockyard acquisition. So could you shed some light on
what are your plans for that asset? And is the acquisition complete? And if yes, how much of its
revenue and EBITDA and the PBT has been booked in this quarter?
Ruchir Agrawal: So the acquisition is still not complete, and we are still not the shareholders of that company.
We expect that the approvals are likely to come on time and the final approval for rights issue
will be coming in by this weekend. The EGM for calling the rights issue is expected by this
month end. So then, going by that timelines, we expect that we will be the shareholders by start 


of the next month, and after that, we will be pitching in their management for control and
execution.
Atul Tiwari: And sir, what are your plans? I mean, what kind of ships you will be manufacturing there once
you take the control?
Capt. Jagmohan: They are into commercial shipbuilding and half the revenue comes from ship repair. We are
intending to ramp up their capacity. Presently, they have a revenue of approximately INR 1,000
crores. We anticipate that in the next year or so, we will be able to ramp it up to INR 1,500
crores. They have excellent production processes because they have a long-term association with
their past owners, Onomichi Shipyard from Japan. And they have good clientele from Europe
and Scandinavia. So that we will bring in our expertise as well and the large amount of repairs
that is going from India will further increase. So we anticipate that we will be in the next 2 years
able to increase the revenue by around 50%.
Atul Tiwari: And any comment on what kind of margins and profit they are making and how much it can be?
Biju George: By the information we have as per their balance sheet, etc, is around 15% margin, but there are
some losses. And primarily vessel categories, which they are building, are bulk carriers and cable
laying vessels. So for cable laying vessels, they are anticipating new orders also this financial
year.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities.
Harshit Kapadia: I think margins were very healthy. A couple of questions from my side. Sir, first, starting on the
LPD, who is the technology partner for the Landing Platform Dock for you, sir?
Biju George: We have not yet decided. We are waiting for the RFP. Let the RFP be out. After that, we will
look at the various possibilities. So in discussion with Swan, we will take that.
Harshit Kapadia: Fair enough, sir. Sir, rumours that the three submarine orders for P75 may get converted into
nine numbers of P75I. Do you think is there a possibility that the reason why the government is
holding that particular order of three submarines?
Capt. Jagmohan: We have not received any communication from MoD or the Navy, so we would not like to
speculate on that.
Harshit Kapadia: Okay, sir. Sir, just one question on the submarine execution part. Sir, is the submarine execution
similar to having a bell-shaped curve to how the ship is being built. That is in the first few years,
you have very low revenue booking. And then, in the next couple of years, the revenue booking
increases and then again falls. Is that how it does?
Capt. Jagmohan: By and large, yes. But, however, since we have already a lot of experience in the 75 project, we
should be able to shorten that S curve.
Harshit Kapadia: So which generally takes around 9 years, how much can it be shortened, like will it be 7 years?


Capt. Jagmohan: No, we will try and -- instead of the steep S curve or what you call the bell curve, we will try
and curve a little more -- the slope a little more manageable so that the revenues are spread
through the entire build period.
Harshit Kapadia: Fair enough, sir. Sir, any update on the repair orders from U.S. Navy or any other Navy globally
that we were earlier looking at?
Biju George: So, we are registered with the MSRA. When the tenders come, we are participating. So wherever
our infrastructure can take, we are participating. Otherwise, we are not participating. So, of late,
nothing which suits our infrastructure has been queried by the U.S. side.
Harshit Kapadia: Understood, sir. And sir, lastly, on the commercial ship, we have tied up with Swan, as you
mentioned, but who would be the technology partner here with us as well for commercial ships?
And what category of commercial ships are you looking to build?
Biju George: Today's teaming agreement is exclusively for landing platform dock, that is not a commercial
vessel. So what CMD was mentioning is, this synergy can pave way for further collaboration
depending upon the market scenario for commercial vessels. So right now, nothing is
crystallized specifically for commercial vessels with Swan.
Harshit Kapadia: Okay. And sir, on the order pipeline, which you mentioned, which is of a very huge value, but
these will get executed over, let's say, a 7-year time frame. But what is the pipeline that we have
on a very short-term basis? Can you highlight some short-cycle orders or small size orders which
you expect to receive in this year, next year?
Biju George: So right now, we are executing around 27 ships from Coast Guard as well as the export orders.
So for the small segment, right now, we are not aggressively bidding because we have the other
ships also to complete. So as it progresses, we will look at smaller ships also what can be
accommodated. Right now, therefore, at this juncture, we have not quoted for any small segment
ships.
Capt. Jagmohan: In addition to that, you see the government has aggregated the demand for commercial ships.
Almost 112 vessels are likely to come out from medium-range tankers, platform support vessels,
VLCCs and all that. So while we are in the process of setting up a mega shipyard somewhere
down south, in the meanwhile, whatever opportunity comes, we are going to pitch in either from
the tenders that are coming from the Shipping Corporation of India or ONGC or IOCL, one of
the petroleum and natural gas PSUs. So those are short-cycle projects. So we anticipate that we
will get some orders from that part as well.
Harshit Kapadia: And sir, any tentative size that you can highlight? Will it be like INR 1,000-odd crores
approximately for the...
Capt. Jagmohan: Yes. In the immediate future, we anticipate something like that. It will all depend on how the
tenders come out and how quickly they are able to place orders and all that.
Harshit Kapadia: Okay. And sir, final question on margin. I probably missed your guidance on margin. What
would be the stable margin that we should expect in FY '26 and '27, since we have that visibility?


Capt. Jagmohan: Broadly, for the shipbuilding sector, the margins that are expected for operationally efficient
shipyard is around 15%. However, the revenue and the profit of a shipyard depends on, first, the
order book, the type of projects and what stage of execution of these projects the shipyard is
undertaking. So there are several factors.
Now, for example, MDL has very high efficiency in design and construction of frigates,
destroyers and submarines. So if it is these projects, then our operational efficiencies are high,
productivity is high, and accordingly, the margins also will be higher. If it is some newer vessels,
it may not necessarily be that high. But on an average, we can anticipate around 15% plus
margins.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sagar from Invesco Mutual Fund.
Sagar: My first question is on the order inflow. So while I understand that there are three follow-on
submarines on the P75 side, followed by P75I and then the landing platform dock, can you guide
us on the sequence in which they can come to Mazagon Dock Limited?
Capt. Jagmohan: Difficult to say. If 75 additional submarines to come, it could come immediately, but we
anticipate 75I, where the negotiations are ongoing. We anticipate that before the financial year
ending, we should have signed the contract for the 75I.
LPD will probably take some time to crystallise. The DAC has just given approval. The RFP
itself to issue will take may be 4 to 5 months. And thereafter, the L1 determination and order
placement will take another 6 months. So may be a year from now.
Sagar: Okay. So on the defense side, these are the only three large projects that are on the horizon?
Capt. Jagmohan: No, actually, the 17 Bravo frigate RFP is likely to come out much earlier. It will probably come
out any time next month or definitely in this calendar year. That's what the Navy has broadly
indicated. So that order is likely to come out much faster, may be by the third quarter of the
calendar year next.
Sagar: Sure. And sir, on the Colombo acquisition, what will be our total cash outgo from the balance
sheet in terms of...
Capt. Jagmohan: That will depend on the rights issue and mandatory offer by the existing shareholders. We
anticipate anywhere between 51% and may be around 75%, where we will have a total
shareholding. If it is a full 100% shareholding is to be taken by MDL, we anticipate INR 450
crores outflow.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs.
Amit Dixit: Just a couple of questions from my side. The first one is on the provisions. So if I see the
provisions are negative in this quarter, is it due to the LDs that were written back in this quarter?
If so, can you highlight the quantum of LDs that were written back?
Ruchir Agrawal: Yes. We have written back LD of INR 102 crores.


Amit Dixit: And this pertains to which submarine, sir?
Ruchir Agrawal: This is pertaining to 17 Alpha second ship.
Amit Dixit: Okay. Okay. Are there some more LDs that we can expect that we have -- I mean, claimed and
they are in dispute and they can be rolled back going ahead?
Capt. Jagmohan: Yes. We actually anticipate that we will be getting a waiver of LD of the submarine project.
There's one submarine that is still pending -- the case is still pending with MoD, and we expect
favorable response from MoD on that.
Amit Dixit: And that would be around INR 120-odd crores?
Capt. Jagmohan: Pardon?
Amit Dixit: That would be around INR 120-odd crores.
Capt. Jagmohan: Yes, around INR 100 crores.
Amit Dixit: Okay. Sir, the second question is just drawing on Harshit's question earlier. You mentioned that
the stable margins could be 15%. Now what are these margins? Are we talking about EBITDA
margin, operating margin? And does it include other income also? So just wanted to get a little
bit more clarity around this margin.
Ruchir Agrawal: It will depend upon the completion of the project. In the shipping industry, at the end of the
project, when there are no much liabilities left on account of warranties, the margins are high.
What you can see in our balance sheet also, we are showing a margin about 25% or 30%.
But that will not be the case for the new projects coming in, where we are booking the actual
value of production. And in that case, we expect that the margins will be around 12% to 15%.
This is only when we are at the completion of the project and we book all the unclaimed
liabilities, our margins are high.
Amit Dixit: And these are EBITDA margins, just for clarity?
Ruchir Agrawal: If it is EBITDA, that goes to PAT and PBT. It is all the same. It is coming from the top line. I
don't think it will be having any impact because we are not having any much borrowings, so it
is almost the same.
Amit Dixit: Okay. Just to stretch it further, sir, and this will be my last question, I mean, 8, 10 years back,
Mazagon used to have an EBITDA margin of 5%. Now from there, we have reached a point
where the margins are much healthier. So how much of increase would you attribute to your
internal efficiencies essentially and that would stay with the company regardless of the orders
that we get?
Ruchir Agrawal: The efficiency and the quality of workmanship both contribute to our higher margins at a
completion of the project when there are no guaranteed defects in the product constructed, that
result into a margin at a completion of the project. So that is why initially, when the project 


starts, and we start booking on a conservative basis, the margins are less. But as we progress and
we complete the project, the margin tends to be higher.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Zarbade from Antique Stock Broking.
Sanjeev Zarbade: Sir, my question was regarding the completion timeline for the ONGC order, which is around
INR 4,800 crores. And also, we have seen that the AIP order has not moved since we booked.
So also wanted the status of that.
Capt. Jagmohan: The ONGC contracts can be done only during the periods where the monsoon is not there. That
is from mid-October to mid-May. We anticipate that a large extent of the INR 4,800 crores, the
DSF II project, we should be able to complete this season. That's up to May. But, however, we
will not complete the execution of that. We will probably have a spillover onto the next season,
which will be from October mid in 2026. What was the second question?
Sanjeev Zarbade: Sir, second question was regarding our MoU with the Naval Group for making submarines for
third-party friendly countries. Just wanted to know when we can expect some concrete may be
order. Or also, do we have the capacity to take further submarine orders if the 3 additional
submarine orders also get built on us?
Capt. Jagmohan: We have the capacity to undertake the construction of 11 submarines simultaneously. So even
with 3 additional Scorpene Submarines and 6, 75I, we will have spare capacity. Now, with regard
to the question of handling export orders, we already have an MoU with the Naval Group for
exploring export opportunities for the Asian countries.
And we have once again signed an exclusive MoU with one -- I don't want to take the name of
the country, one particular country, where we will bid together for the anticipated project in that
country.
Sanjeev Zarbade: Okay. Sir, if I can take 1 or 2 more questions, I wanted to know about the status of the mine
counter measure vessel because that -- this order has received AON some time back. So what
could be the status of this order?
Capt. Jagmohan: We expect RFP in the next 3 to 4 months. I think the first RFP from the Navy will be 17 Bravo
frigates. After 2 months, we anticipate may be somewhere in February or March, we anticipate
the RFP.
Sanjeev Zarbade: Yes. And sir, lastly, if I can, are these 17A frigates, the pending order book is INR 11,490 crores.
How much of that would be the guaranteed repairs, which we have received...
Capt. Jagmohan: Guaranteed repair, we normally keep 10% of the ship cost.
Sanjeev Zarbade: From the original value?
Capt. Jagmohan: Exact values, I will have to work out -- 10% approximately.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Dipen Vakil from Phillip Capital.


Dipen Vakil: Sir, my first question is on the lines of capex. Can you tell us what kind of capex you have
incurred so far in the first half? And what you are expecting to do in the second half? And also
an update on the Nhava Sheva capex that you are planning on incurring?
Capt. Jagmohan This full financial year, we are anticipating capex -- in fact, we will have -- we will do a capex
of INR 500 crores. And that is primarily for the floating dock, which is almost halfway through.
We anticipate that by end of this financial year, we will complete that.
Now, going forward, we will be doing some capex on both the Nhava yard as well as the South
Yard Annex, which we have leased from Bombay Port Trust. But these will be primarily to
remove the bottlenecks that we have in our present production activities.
We are looking at a total capex of around INR 1,000 crores for Nhava and South Yard Annex
and another INR 1,000 crores for the infrastructure for 75I submarine. But our main capex going
forward for the next 5 years will be approximately INR 5,000 crores for a greenfield shipyard,
which we intend to set up in Tuticorin in Tamil Nadu for commercial shipbuilding.
The government has come out with a slew of measures, incentives, policy measures, which
makes commercial shipbuilding attractive and profitable. So we intend to tie up with may be a
Korean or a Japanese shipyard and probably a private player in India to set up this large shipyard,
which we intend to complete the first phase with approximate investment of around INR 5,000
crores in the next 4 to 5 years.
Dipen Vakil: Sorry. So this year, we're expecting a capex of INR 500 crores and INR 5,000 crores over next
3 to 4 years. And sir, this Nhava yard, you mentioned INR 1,000 crores. So that will also be
done in, say, this year, next year? Or what would be the time line for that?
Capt. Jagmohan: It's not INR 1,000 crores for Nhava yard. It will be INR 1,000 crores put together for Nhava and
the South Yard Annex. So we have already done some work. Close to around INR 75 crores we
have already done a capex there.
We will probably do -- it will be ongoing because we have already started to construct two Coast
Guard projects there as well as the offshore projects. So, it will be simultaneous investments
there while we are undertaking the projects. So it will probably take another 2 to 3 years.
Dipen Vakil: Got it, sir. Sir, my last question is on provisions, sir. Sir, how do you see provisions going for,
say, second half of this year? Do you see any -- so the provisions that you mentioned that you
may be receiving, do you expect that to come in this year or you think that it will spill over to
next year?
Capt. Jagmohan: We anticipate this year, may be in the last quarter.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities.
Harshit Kapadia: Since you have mentioned the INR 5,000 crores investment in Tuticorin for commercial ships,
could you highlight, sir, what type of ships that you are looking at? Is it bulk? Is it crude? Is it
related to LNG? Any color on that would be helpful?


Capt. Jagmohan: It is going to be dual use. In fact, we are looking at both commercial as well as naval applications
there. Now, let us say, for example, the -- I'm just giving you an example. Let's say, the Navy
comes with the requirement for the third aircraft carrier, so we could -- if the timeline suits, we
could make the aircraft carrier there. However, for commercial vessels, we will first -- we will
look at the domestic market. And for the domestic market, the Ministry of Shipping has already
aggregated the demand from all the oil and natural gas PSUs, approximately 112 vessels. They
are primarily -- they will start off with platform support ships and MR tankers. And going
forward, we will be looking at very large gas carriers and very large crude carriers.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anirudh Murarka from Continental.
Anirudh Murarka: Sir, congratulations on a very stable set of numbers. My question was regarding that how do you
near time future look to enhance shareholders' value for a retail investor?
Capt. Jagmohan: We anticipate to get more orders, execute them efficiently and the...
Moderator: Sir, sorry to interrupt, but there is some disturbance in your line.
Anirudh Murarka: Should I repeat my question?
Capt. Jagmohan: I heard you. So, we -- how we reward the shareholders is to perform well, have more orders,
execute them efficiently...
Moderator: Sorry, to interrupt, sir, but -- Mr. Anirudh, can you please mute your line? There's some
disturbance in your line.
Anirudh Murarka: It's muted.
Capt. Jagmohan: I hope you heard the answer.
Moderator: Anirudh sir, do you have a follow-up question?
Anirudh Murarka: No, that will be all. Okay. I will look at the transcript. No issues.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Santhosh, who is an Individual Investor.
Santhosh: On subcontract expense that we see in the document, so can you give some details on this,
whether it will be reducing in the upcoming quarters or it will be same to the total percentage of
the expenses?
Capt. Jagmohan: You see the subcontract costs are high this quarter, primarily because of the offshore projects.
The offshore projects, our execution is virtually turnkey outsourcing. So, therefore, the
subcontract prices are high. It will depend on the nature of projects.
Now, for example, if we have the 17 Bravo project, the subcontracting will be much lower
compared to the order value. So it will depend on project to project on how we bid and what our
project management view is for those.


Moderator: The next question is from the line of Naveen Shetty from MLP.
Naveen Shetty: Sorry, if this question was already asked, but just wanted to get a sense on the current order book
is around INR 27,000 crores, any outlook that you can give for may be for the next FY '26 for
the whole year and may be FY '27?
Capt. Jagmohan: You mean the order book?
Naveen Shetty: Yes.
Capt. Jagmohan: In excess of INR 1 lakh crores.
Naveen Shetty: By which year, sir?
Capt. Jagmohan: By the next financial year, '26-'27.
Naveen Shetty: FY '27. Okay. Okay, by FY '27. Okay.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rakesh Roy from Boring AMC.
Rakesh Roy: My first question regarding, sir, government is pursuing commercial shipping, sir. So what is
your view because you are new player in this side and we have very few companies in India who
make the ships? So what is your view on this side, sir?
Capt. Jagmohan: See, while we are known as a shipbuilder making destroyers, frigates and submarines, we have
a rich legacy in commercial shipbuilding. We have built over 800 ships, probably the shipyard,
which has built the largest number of commercial ships in the country. So we are not new to
this.
However, yes, in the last few years, we have once again re-entered this, and we started with the
multipurpose vessel, which we are building for our Denmark client. We have also done the
acquisition of the Colombo Dockyard with a view of moving into commercial shipbuilding.
Thereafter, the government has come out with a lot of incentives and initiatives for commercial
shipbuilding. And we, as the largest shipyard and as extended arm of the government, we feel
that it is both strategically as well as makes a lot of business sense to venture into commercial
shipbuilding.
We are setting up a large commercial or a large shipyard in Tuticorin, primarily to look at
commercial shipbuilding. Depending upon the types of projects, we could even look at defense
projects there.
Rakesh Roy: Okay. Sir, related to the same question, sir, if you look from 7 years now, or for FY '32, so how
is revenue mix like in defense or commercial from -- for next 5 years, 7 years -- after 7 years?
Capt. Jagmohan: Yes, that's a good question. You see we would like to derisk. We do not want to depend on a
single large customer like the Indian Navy. Presently, probably 80% to 90% of our order book
comes from the Indian Navy. We have actually started to diversify by moving into offshore.


We have almost INR 7,000 crores worth of orders from ONGC. We intend to have a healthy
mix of offshore projects, commercial projects and the defense projects. So the exact percentage
will be difficult to say, but we would like to diversify and derisk from depending on very limited
number of customers.
Rakesh Roy: Okay. And sir, last question, sir, Tuticorin, at what weight tonnage up to the next ship, sir, is
Tuticorin? Any idea, sir, any guidance?
Biju George: Tuticorin, the plan is to develop it into a greenfield shipyard, where vessels like Very Large
Crude Carriers, VLCCs, can be constructed. So...
Rakesh Roy: In terms of weight, sir -- in tonnage, sir?
Capt. Jagmohan: Around 300,000.
Biju George: Yes, 3 lakh deadweight tonnage.
Rakesh Roy: 3 lakhs. Okay.
Biju George: 300 plus, would be the length of the ship.
Rakesh Roy: Okay, 300 is the length of the ship and dead weightage is 3 lakhs.
Biju George: 3 lakhs, yes. So that is a typical VLCC volume.
Rakesh Roy: Yes, 3 lakh is very big, sir.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shivam Parikh from Value Wise Wealth Management.
Shivam Parikh: So my question was there was an MoU done by Mazagon Dock with Mitsui Shipping Lines of
Japan. So could you throw some light on that? And if any potential order flows do come in from
Mitsui Shipping Lines, so will it be done at Colombo Shipyard or at your Indian shipyards?
Capt. Jagmohan: I don't recollect any MoU with Mitsui.
Shivam Parikh: Okay. But, sir, there was a recent news like Indian Navy had done some discussions with Japan
for ship repair. And in that, it was -- in that news, it was shown that Mazagon Dock had done an
MoU with Mitsui Shipping Lines of Japan. Yes.
Capt. Jagmohan: There was a destroyer, but it's very, very early stages of discussion where the Navy is looking at
having a common destroyer designed between India and Japan. But these are very, very early
stages. We have not signed any MOU.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Rupam Jaiswal from Investwell.
Rupam Jaiswal: I wanted to ask about the new greenfield shipyard, like the shipyard, which you will be investing
in the south of India. So what would be the total capex plan? And like what kind of capacity are
you looking out for?


Capt. Jagmohan See, the government is looking at setting up these mega shipbuilding clusters, and they want
shipyards of scale with a throughput or a capacity of 1 million to 1.5 million per mega
shipbuilding clusters. So we intend to set up one of them in Tuticorin. So we will approximately
require a land parcel of 1,000 - 1,100 acres.
And the capex will be actually going forward to set up a large shipyard like this based on data
that is available will be anywhere between INR 15,000 crores to INR 18,000 crores. But this
will be done in various phases. So the first phase, which we intend to complete, may be in the
next 3 to 4 years, will be around INR 5,000 crores.
Rupam Jaiswal: So the total plan is of like this will go for 10 to 12 years, like the full capacity...
Capt. Jagmohan: It will all depend upon how quickly we get government clearance, environment clearance, those
issues because the trunk infrastructure on land, waterfront, etc, has to be done by the state
government. So how quickly they do it, we'll be able to do it -- we'll be able to finish accordingly.
Rupam Jaiswal: Okay, sir. And sir, one more last thing. Like in the LPD side, have we like -- have we got the
technical partner with us to bid on this project?
Capt. Jagmohan: Not yet. As answered earlier, we will have to see whether there is a requirement for having a
design partner or not. The earlier RFP that the Navy had come out with several years ago
required the Indian shipyards to partner with one of the European shipyards who have the LPD
already. But I'm not sure that this requirement will be there or not anymore because there's a
likelihood because all our shipyards now have the design competence and capability of
designing and constructing these ships. So there is probably no requirement for a partner, except
what the agreement that we already have with Swan for constructing these vessels.
Rupam Jaiswal: Yes, sir. Only last question around this only. So like for this order, like the main competitors
like L&T, Cochin Shipyard and Mazagon, like all 3 of you will be bidding for it. And the total
deal value is, I think, around INR 35,000 crores to INR 40,000 crores for four ships. So what --
like is this order will be given to only one shipyard? Or will this be like L1, L2 kind of thing?
Biju George: So that will become clear once the RFP comes out. Right now, we do not know whether it is
going to be executed by one shipyard or it will be split into two.
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Praveen Desai, who is an Individual Investor.
Praveen Desai: When will the first phase of Tuticorin shipyard will start?
Biju George: We are in discussion with Government of Tamil Nadu. We also have to take some...
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt. Praveen, can you please mute your line?
Biju George: So there are multiple agencies involved. So first is the land has to be allotted to MDL. There is
V. O. Chidambaranar Port involved. This is what Tamil Nadu Government is involved, then we
are involved, then a foreign partner is involved. So we have to stitch together before we start.
So we are in the process. The initial discussions have been completed, and then, we are going
ahead with that.


Capt. Jagmohan: We have also signed an MoU with the Tamil Nadu government body Guidance, which is a single
window facilitating body for all clearances. So we are seeing the administration is very proactive
in Tamil Nadu. We anticipate that we should be able to probably work on the DPR for the
shipyard may be in the next 3 to 4 months.
Moderator: Praveen, do you have a follow-up question?
Praveen Desai: No, that was the only question that I have.
Moderator: As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Jyoti
Gupta for the closing comments.
Jyoti: Thank you so much. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, we would like to thank
the management of Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited for the call, and also, many thanks to
the participants for joining us on the call. Thank you very much, sir. You may now conclude the
call.
Capt. Jagmohan: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank You on behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines